1. What is a bytecode and why is it important to Java's use for Internet programming? 
    Answer: Bytecode is a highly optimized set of instructions that is executed by the Java Virtual Machine. Bytecode helps Java achieve both portability and security. 

2. What are three main principles of object-oriented programming? 
    Answer: Encapsulation, polymorphism and inheritance. 

3. Where do Java programs begin execution? 
    Answer: Java programs begin execution at main().

4. What is a variable? 
    Answer: A variable is a named memory locatin. The contents of a variable can be changed during the execution of a program. 

5. Which of the following variable names are invalid? 
    A. count
    B. $count
    C. count27
    D. 67count
        Answer: The invalid variable is D. Variable names cannot begin with a digit. 

6. How do you create a single-line comment? How do you create a multiline comment? 
    Answer: A single-line comment begins with // and ends at the end of the line. A multiline comment begins with /* and ends with */. 

7. Show the general form of the if statement. Show the genral form of the for loop. 
    Answer: 
    The general form of the if: 
        if(condition) statement;

    The general form of the for-loop: 
        for(initialization; condition; iteration) statement;

8. How do you create a block of code? 
    Answer: A block of code is started with a { and ended with a }.

9. The moon's gravity is about 17 percent of Earth's. Write a program that computes your effective weight of the Moon. 
    Answer: See Moon.java file.

10. Adapt Try This 1-2 so that it prints a conversion table of inches to meters. Display 12 feet conversions, inch by inch. Outpout a blank line every 12 inches. 
    (One meter equals approximately 39.37 inches.)
    Answer: See InchToMeterTable.java file.

11. If you make a typing mistake when entering your program, what sort of error will result? 
    Answer: A syntax error. 

12. Does it matter where on a line you put a statement?     
    Answer: No, Java is a free-form language. 